hello folks this is Bronco Bob and I'm
here today to show you a pre-owned
jointer true for 1,100 it's been driven
and used but it's got some good upgrades
and I'd like to highlight a few it's
been upgraded with some SS 14-inch
wheels with ITP LED light tires it's got
a spare tire the exhaust has been
modified it comes around the back
instead a little stainless steel muffler
on the
the radiator has been located up high to
keep it plenty cool it also has a
snorkel air intake keep the dust out of
the motor
you got the fuel injection computer
right under here
got some welded on side bars to go down
the side of the unit just kind of hold
you in and they upgraded the winch to a
worn it's got a 2500 pound warm winch to
move the headlights down low
it's kind of got some custom paint they
put an extra bar right here on the roll
cage and kind of a little mini
windshield it's got an aluminum top it's
got a CB radio showing 600 miles and I
believe that's kilometres so it's a
little less miles than that but he used
it in the rocks so the wheels you can
see are scratched around the Rings on
the side panels they're scratched and
scraped front wheels are also you can
see where they've been up against rocks
underneath it and so it's pretty scraped
up but again when you use something for
rock crawl and that's that's what
happens but it runs good it's a
five-speed
laughs it's got the front and rear
locking differentials
got lots of nice upgrades I was told of
as a dealer demo from a place called
ranchers ATV and tractors they have
since quit selling the joiner vehicles
but this was one that they customized
and one of the owners used it but if you
have any questions give us a call I
don't think it'll last very long
it does have the upgraded disc brakes
with the larger calipers and rotors so
it does have you know a lot of the
upgrades so it's a fairly late-model one
but show it some wear and tear it's not
perfect by any means but it's a it's a
value price unit and it's going to sell
fast but thanks for looking thanks for
your time this is Bronco Bob wishing you
happy correct